Installation
------------

Use the usual incantation:

perl Makefile.PL
make
make test
make install

This installs the core software. There are a few items in the examples
directory you may want to use and install manually.

Also, read the README.

Prerequisites
-------------

You need GD for the Grapher module.  You may optionally choose to install
PostScript::Simple to allow PostScript/EPS output.

OPTIONAL ITEMS
-------- -----

Command line tools
------- ---- -----

Additionally you may wish to put the command-line utilities somewhere,
e.g. /usr/local/scripts or similar. These utilities (pmd_grapher.plx, pmd_dumper.plx
and pmd_indexer.plx) are described in README.COMMANDS.

Before installing them note that part of this distribution uses GD. So you
need to have GD installed. Then you should find out whether your GD does
PNGs or GIFs - it will probably do PNGs. You may edit the bit near the
top of pmd_grapher.plx to reflect your local GDs abilities - it says 'PNG' to
start with.

CGI Interface
--- ---------

You may want to install the CGI interface - this consists of an HTML form
that submits the request and a CGI program to service the request. The form
is pmd_cgiform.html and the program is pmd_cgidepend.plx. You will need to edit the
HTML in the places marked by comments. You will need to tweak the CGI itself
where marked by comments near the top of the source.

The CGI program allows users to easily get dependency info from the database
and show it on their terminals. The CGI is called by GET or POST so you may
create 'canned' URLs that retrieve certain information. You're free to
make canned URLs for just the image if you want.

The CGI returns an HTML page that gives information about the item requested
in textual form, and also has an inline image. That image src attribute is
actually the CGI called for a second time.

As an example I have the form installed as /depend.html and the cgi is 
/cgi-bin/pmd_cgidepend.plx and it works fine.

PostScript Output
---------- ------

If you want to write the dependency charts as PostScript or EPS files you
need to install the PostScript::Simple module.
